# Cart App

I tried to mimick a real-world app as much as possible while still keeping it simple.

> The toast implementation is pretty adhoc, real world toasts would need much more logic than I currently have.

This app is built with React, TypeScript, Zod, react-hook-forms, Sass, CSSModules, Vite, and Zustand for state
management. I'm using pnpm as the package manager.

> This project is hosted at [https://kl13nt.github.io/form-task/](https://kl13nt.github.io/form-task/) for convenience.

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Technology Stack \& Decisions](#technology-stack--decisions)
- [Configuration options and tools I didn't include because the project isn't large enough](#configuration-options-and-tools-i-didnt-include-because-the-project-isnt-large-enough)

## Getting Started

1. Clone repo
2. `pnpm install`

## Technology Stack & Decisions

This project is pretty tiny and straightforward. I took care of some main, important bits:

- **Accessibility**: Form errors and toasts (notifications) are screen-reader-friendly, form field requirements are
  interactive, colours are accessible, HTML is
  using standard elements, and animations only run behind prefers-reduced-motion: no-preference.
- **Performance**: react-hook-forms is a blazing fast form management solution for React. Zod is an amazing, type-safe
  validation library that is also super fast.
- **Developer experience**: Vite is a super fast bundler, ensuring smooth dev env
- **Hassle-free TS**: Used ts-reset to eliminate some of TypeScript's pain points
- **Easy peasy file linking**: Import path aliases

**Extras I would add in a larger project**:

- Toast dismiss buttons with accessible, screen-reader controls
- Request AbortController to make sure we're not updating state on unmount
- PostCSS configs
- Pipeline config to test, lint, style check, and validate PRs
- Stylelint & prettier-eslint configs
- Git hooks and lint-staged to ensure changes are standard before leaving devs machines
- Autogenerated TypeScript API types
- Documented environment variables in vite-env.d.ts if needed
- Snapshot Testing
- UI Testing
- Integration testing
- Automated accessibility testing (axe-core, chromatic, etc)
- E2E automated testing
- Storybook for component development and documentation
- Vendor-based chunking; React, Zustand, and my own code in separate chunks
- Coverage Reporting
- Design tokens standardised
- Automatically generated type-scale that respects user preferences (
  using [UTOPIA](https://utopia.fyi/type/calculator/))
- SVGR to optimize SVGs
- A router for navigation
- React Query, swr, or alternatives for data fetching based on need
- mswjs to mock APIs in dev mode and test envs
